[HTTP] Expose versioned router (#153858)
elastic/kibana: packages/core/http/core-http-versioned-router-server-mocks/README.md

# @kbn/core-http-versioned-router-server-mocks

> This package contains the mocks and test utils for core's server-side `http` service

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
This package contains the mocks and test utils for core's server-side `http` versioned router server.
```
